Fix 3107 series (#3247)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v1.8/concepts/schema_and_data_layout.md

- Store numeric values as fields ([tag values](/influxdb/v1.8/concepts/glossary/#tag-value) only support string values).

## Avoid too many series

IndexDB indexes the following data elements to speed up reads:

- [measurement](/influxdb/v1.8/concepts/glossary/#measurement)
- [tags](/influxdb/v1.8/concepts/glossary/#tag)

[Tag values](/influxdb/v1.8/concepts/glossary/#tag-value) are indexed and [field values](/influxdb/v1.8/concepts/glossary/#field-value) are not.
This means that querying by tags is more performant than querying by fields.
However, when too many indexes are created, both writes and reads may start to slow down.

Each unique set of indexed data elements forms a [series key](/influxdb/v1.8/concepts/glossary/#series-key).
[Tags](/influxdb/v1.8/concepts/glossary/#tag) containing highly variable information like unique IDs, hashes, and random strings lead to a large number of [series](/influxdb/v1.8/concepts/glossary/#series), also known as high [series cardinality](/influxdb/v1.8/concepts/glossary/#series-cardinality).
High series cardinality is a primary driver of high memory usage for many database workloads.

> Therefore, to reduce memory overhead, consider storing high-cardinality values in fields rather than in tags.

Author: ```suggestion
Therefore, to reduce memory consumption, consider storing high-cardinality values in field values rather than in tags or field keys.
```
